Question 1: What is a technique used by the APT to both perform recon and gain initial access?

In this question we got the key word initial access and recon, after analyze the TTP provided in the link, we can confirm that the most likely to be is Spearphising link, this can provide initial acces through a link, infecting the device and letting
the intruder get into the network

Answer: Spearphishing link

Question 2: Sunny identified that the APT might have moved forward from the recon phase. Which accounts might the APT compromise while developing resources?

This answer is email accounts, because the email was sent with a malicious link, the user who received the mail was affected through email, so the email account was compromised.

Answer: Email accounts

Question 3: E-corp has found that the APT might have gained initial access using social engineering to make the user execute code for the threat actor. Sunny wants to identify if the APT was also successful in execution. What two techniques of user execution should Sunny look out for? (Answer format: <technique 1> and <technique 2>)

In this question we have to search two techniques that the intruder could have used, in this case we know the first step was a Spearphishing link, so through the malicious link the user got a malicious file, with this we have identified the techniques

Answer: Malicious link and malicious file

Question 4: If the above technique was successful, which scripting interpreters should Sunny search for to identify successful execution? (Answer format: <technique 1> and <technique 2>)

In this question if we search in the link provided by the room, we see two interpreters remarked: Powershell and Windows Command shell

Answer: Powershell and Windows Command shell

Question 5: While looking at the scripting interpreters identified in Q4, Sunny found some obfuscated scripts that changed the registry. Assuming these changes are for maintaining persistence, which registry keys should Sunny observe to track these changes?

As per looking into the ATT&CK navigator, I found in the persistance TTP Registry Run keys/ startup folder

Answer: Registry run keys

Question 6: Sunny identified that the APT executes system binaries to evade defences. Which system binary's execution should Sunny scrutinize for proxy execution?

With the key word proxy and binary to evade defense we found the binary file Rundll32 to proceed with the defense evation

Answer: Rundll32

Question 7: Sunny identified tcpdump on one of the compromised hosts. Assuming this was placed there by the threat actor, which technique might the APT be using here for discovery?

analysing the question we have these key words TCPdump and discovery, this is related to a network sniffing

Answer: network sniffing

Question 8:It looked like the primary goal of the APT was to steal intellectual property from E-corp's information repositories. Which information repository can be the likely target of the APT?

With a lateral movement in the system and knowing the system is Windows remote services so this should be SMB/ WIndows admin shares

Answer: SMB/ Windows admin shares

Question 9: It looked like the primary goal of the APT was to steal intellectual property from E-corp's information repositories. Which information repository can be the likely target of the APT?

After analysing the information, I can confirm this question is sharepoint, since is intellectual property and is remote

Answer: Sharepoint

Question 10: Although the APT had collected the data, it could not connect to the C2 for data exfiltration. To thwart any attempts to do that, what types of proxy might the APT use? (Answer format: <technique 1> and <technique 2>)

This question is talking about a Command and control and is referring to a proxy technique, in this I can confirm are external proxy and multi-hop proxy

Answer: external proxy and multi-hop proxy

End of the practice
